README.md, before:

# Bookstore

## Description: 

> React Bookstore is a simulation book Library where a user can add a book where a title is given and a category is given. The data is then displayed as a list of books on the homepage. 

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Built With

This project is build with:

- HTML
- CSS
- React
- Create React App to bootstrap
- CCS Modules


## Getting Started

If you want to run the project locally in your browser you need to install: 

  - Node
  - Npm (Node Package Manager)
  - Git
  - Text Editor

To get the content of this project locally you need to run this command in your terminal:

 > `git clone https://github.com/Beardless-sheik/react-bookstore.git`

You need to then install the packages locally to your system by running: 

 > npm install 

To start the server in development mode, Run: 

 > npm run dev 

## 👤 Author

👤 **Alick Nyirenda**
- GitHub: [@beardless_sheik](https://github.com/Beardless-sheik)
- Twitter: [@beardless_sheik](https://twitter.com/Beardless_Sheik)
- LinkedIn: [Alick Nyirenda](https://www.linkedin.com/in/alick-nyirenda/)

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### Test

For tracking linter errors locally you need to follow these steps:

- And for tracking the linter errors in CSS files run:

  > npx stylelint "**/*.css"

- And for tracking the linter errors in JS files run:

  > npx eslint .

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**

If you aren't satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you're on your own.

You don't have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn't feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn't be useful if you couldn't customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).


### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting)

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size)

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app)

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration)

### Deployment

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment)

## Contributing

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Beardless-sheik/AwesomeBooks/issues) for comments and please offer any contributions!

## Show your support

Give a :star: if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Thanks to [Microverse](www.microverse.org) team that helped with project guidelines

Commit message:

Update README to include screenshot and live deploy

README.md, after:

# Bookstore

## Description: 

> React Bookstore is a simulation book Library where a user can add a book where a title is given and a category is given. The data is then displayed as a list of books on the homepage. 

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app). It is [LIVE HERE](https://jovial-jang-ac8ea6.netlify.app/). 

## Screenshots

Screenshot here: 

![Screenshot of bookstore app](./src//screenshots/desktop_screenshot.JPG)


## Built With

This project is build with:

- HTML
- CSS
- React
- Create React App to bootstrap
- CCS Modules


## Getting Started

If you want to run the project locally in your browser you need to install: 

  - Node
  - Npm (Node Package Manager)
  - Git
  - Text Editor

To get the content of this project locally you need to run this command in your terminal:

 > `git clone https://github.com/Beardless-sheik/react-bookstore.git`

You need to then install the packages locally to your system by running: 

 > npm install 

To start the server in development mode, Run: 

 > npm run dev 

## 👤 Author

👤 **Alick Nyirenda**
- GitHub: [@beardless_sheik](https://github.com/Beardless-sheik)
- Twitter: [@beardless_sheik](https://twitter.com/Beardless_Sheik)
- LinkedIn: [Alick Nyirenda](https://www.linkedin.com/in/alick-nyirenda/)

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### Test

For tracking linter errors locally you need to follow these steps:

- And for tracking the linter errors in CSS files run:

  > npx stylelint "**/*.css"

- And for tracking the linter errors in JS files run:

  > npx eslint .

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**

If you aren't satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you're on your own.

You don't have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn't feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn't be useful if you couldn't customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).


### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting)

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size)

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app)

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration)

### Deployment

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment)

## Contributing

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Beardless-sheik/AwesomeBooks/issues) for comments and please offer any contributions!

## Show your support

Give a :star: if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Thanks to [Microverse](www.microverse.org) team that helped with project guidelines
